Replace Discord links in docs with links to Slack (#1988)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/get_started/install.md

![](../meta/images/kedro_graphic.png)

> If you do not see the graphic displayed, or have any issues with your installation, see the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organization](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not see the graphic displayed, or have any issues with your installation, see the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).
```

> If you do not see the graphic displayed, or have any issues with your installation, see the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not see the graphic displayed, or have any issues with your installation, see the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), check out the [searchable archive from our retired Discord server](https://linen-discord.kedro.org/community or post a new query on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw)..
```
